Stop being presumptuous
The little commoners also dare to stop King Zhengnan
Zhengnan Wang Mu Guiying
So you seduced him
Nangong Quan Xia is willing to take care of you like this
The four generals will kneel before you
Am I right?
You and I are righteous
Who I'm with has nothing to do with you
I don't need an explanation.
You bitch
As soon as I was embarrassed by my son, I climbed into someone else's bed
You shameless slut rotten hoof
that
Why don't you hit me?
Foul language to me before
For the sake of you being my mother-in-law, I'm too lazy to care
And now
I have nothing to do with your son
If you dare to insult me again, I will not kill you.
You don't look at men's stuff
It only makes you a little selfish
But in my eyes, you are still the same lowly
Ben Wang Jierisun's Baoer doesn't want to get angry and kill
But if you're not interested
I can also make you see blood
Ah!
Take a bad product as a treasure
I started staying in the barracks for a long time
Never seen a woman
As long as a woman wants it
Hungry adulterer
There's no need to argue with them.
There's more than your son can do
One-thirty less
I will trample them all under my feet